INCONVENIENT ESCAPE

To play, you must be in the working directory of the repo and run the code using "python3 startscreen.py"

You will be loaded into a start screen with the options "Start Game" and "Load Game"

Starting a game will launch you in with a fresh savefile, so be careful if you already have a save!

Selecting Load Game will read from savedata.txt to recreate the previous save. If the data in the file is messed with, it may cause errors


Press I to open/close the inventory! Use arrow keys to navigate inventory and Enter to select an item to use

Press ESC to open the pause menu! (Use arrow keys to select an option and Enter to choose)

When using the blender, have your inventory open and use x to add/remove an item from the blender and z to swap which item you are adding/removing



Let the rest of this README be a guide on getting through the game:

1. Open the Computer to show a loading bar. This bar can only be increased by pressing the right arrow key. You will need to press it multiple times to advance
2. Unlocking the computer shows a chess game, where you control a pawn which can move in any directions with the arrow keys. To pass, simple move the pawn over the black king to win
3. After completing chess, going into the Right Room will show that the Dresser has been unlocked. You should collect the Extremely Tiny Crowbar
4. Going back to the front room, you can use the Extremely Tiny Crowbar on the keyboard to receive a Keyboard Key
5. You can click on the printer to grab the Uno Reverse Card
6. Using the Uno Reverse Card on the fan sucks the carpet up and destroys it, revealing a Cellar underneath
7. Opening the cellar by clicking on it presents you with a Thing. You can collect this Thing (2/2)
8. Going back to the right room, you can use the Keyboard "Key" on the safe, opening it to reveal another Thing (1/2). Collect it
9. Go into the back room. Opening your inventory with I and clicking on the blender allows you to add items to it
10. Use the arrow keys to select items and change which items are selected for the blender. Add the Thing 1/2 and Thing 2/2.
11. Enter the Portal

